docs: explain and warn about the implications of multiple workers (#807)
widgetti/solara: solara/website/pages/documentation/advanced/content/20-understanding/50-solara-server.md

## Handling Multiple Workers

> In setups with multiple workers, it's possible for a page to (re)connect to a different worker than its original. This can happen in reconnects, after restoration of a lost network connection. But also the use of [ipypopout](https://github.com/widgetti/ipypopout) will result in a new connection that can end up at a different server. This can result in a loss of the virtual kernel (since it lives on a different worker), prompting the Solara app to initiate a fresh start, or simply failure in the case of ipypopout. To prevent this scenario, a sticky session configuration is recommended, ensuring consistent client-worker connections. Utilizing a load balancer, such as [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/), can achieve this. Note that using multiple workers (e.g. by using gunicorn) cannot work since a connection will be made to a different worker each time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In setups with multiple workers, it's possible for a page to (re)connect to a different worker than its original. This can happen after a lost network connection is restored, or when [ipypopout](https://github.com/widgetti/ipypopout) is used, since ipypopout creates a new connection, which can end up at a different worker. This can result in a loss of the virtual kernel, since it lives on the worker that was first connected to. The Solara app will then initiate a fresh start, or simply fail when ipypopout is used. To prevent this scenario, a sticky session configuration is recommended, ensuring consistent client-worker connections. A load balancer, such as [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/), can be used to achieve this. Note that using multiple workers (e.g. by using gunicorn) cannot work since a connection will be made to a different worker each time.
```
